DevExtreme SPA framework allows you to build mobile applications easily. Start learning the framework from the following tutorials.

- <b>Code editor-independent start</b>  
	Start learning DevExtreme from the [Your First Application](/Documentation/Tutorial/SPA_Framework/Your_First_Application/) tutorial. It is presented in a special 'playground' where you can read the description of each step, find the code implemented at each step and see the running application in a device simulator. You can also edit code at any step. The project and tutorial contents are also available. As a result, you will implement a simple application and will learn the base notions of the DevExtreme SPA framework.

	The **DevExtreme Mobile** package comes with an [application project template](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Widgets/Basics/Application_Templates/#Mobile_Application/Knockout_Approach) so that it is easy for you to start building an application. All the tutorials on the DevExtreme SPA framework will be based on this application template. 

- <b>Visual Studio-specific start</b>  
	Start learning DevExtreme from the [Your First Mobile App in Visual Studio](/Documentation/Tutorial/VS_Integration/Your_First_Mobile_App_in_Visual_Studio/) tutorial. This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating a DevExtreme application in Visual Studio. You will be introduced to the *basic project template*, a view designer and device simulator - the VS-integrated tools that simplify the process of implementing mobile applications in VS. As a result, you will implement a simple application and will learn the base notions of the DevExtreme SPA framework.

	There is one more DevExtreme project template provided in Visual studio - DevExtreme Multi-Channel Application. This project template is appropriate for implementing applications for desktop, iOS, Android and Windows Phone using a shared code. Go through the [Create a Mobile App in Visual Studio](/Documentation/Tutorial/VS_Integration/Create_a_Mobile_App_in_Visual_Studio/) tutorial to try this project template. You will also be introduced to more VS-integrated tools - Project Wizard and Add Command editor. As a result, you will implement a more complex application than the one described in the <b>Your First Application in VS</b> - with three views, a search functionality and data provided from an OData service.

After you have implemented your first applications by the tutorials given above, read the [Application Design](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Application_Development/) guide. You will learn details of each step that you will take when developing applications using the DevExtreme SPA framework. You will also be provided with links to the topics that are useful for a better understanding of DevExtreme.