<article data-show="/Content/Applications/17_1/framework/CustomLayoutSet/step1/index.html" data-show-first="index.js">

Use an [application project template](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Application_Project/) to create a DevExtreme application. In this application template, the "navbar" layout set is used by default. According to this layout set, the [navbar layout](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Built-in_Layouts/#Navbar_Layout) is mostly used for views (learn more in the [Ready-to-Use Layout Sets](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Built-in_Layouts/#Ready-to-Use_Layout_Sets) topic). In this tutorial, the "navbar" layout will be used for the Android application version. In other platforms, the [SlideOut layout](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Built-in_Layouts/#SlideOut_Layout) will be used instead. This layout uses a slide-out menu as a navigation control. Items for this menu are specified in the same manner as they are for the navbar control in the "navbar" layout. So, all the information that is required for layouts from the custom layout set is already specified in the application project template.

To set a custom layout set for the application, use the [layoutSet](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/HtmlApplication/Configuration/#layoutSet) configuration option of the **HtmlApplication** object. Assign an array of objects that define which layout controller should be used and when.
In case of the "navbar" layout, the **DevExpress.framework.html.NavBarController** layout controller should be specified (you can see it in the *NavbarLayout.js* file). For the "slideout" layout, the *DevExpress.framework.html.SlideOutController* layout controller should be specified (you can find it in the *SlideOutLayout.js* file). To denote that the "navbar" layout controller should be used in Android applications, specify the **platform** field in the object that defines the "navbar" layout use case within the **layoutSet** array. To use the "slideout" layout controller in all other platforms, do not specify a context within the object that defines the "slideout" layout use case.

Include links to the "slideout" layout to the application page, since they are not included by default.

Note that you can specify a context for a layout set's layout controller more precisely. For details, refer to the [Custom Layout Sets](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Built-in_Layouts/#Custom_Layout_Sets) topic.
</article>