<article data-show-sln="/Content/Applications/117_2MVC/MvcApplication1/MvcApplication1.sln">

The DevExtreme UI Widgets Library includes widgets that are bound to data: [DataGrid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/), [Gallery](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGallery/), [Menu](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxMenu/), [Lookup](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxLookup/), etc. Data can be loaded from a locally located resource and from a remote service. To simplify working with data, DevExtreme supplies a Data Library. This library includes the DataSource object that keeps sorting, grouping, filtering and data transformation options, and applies them each time data is loaded. The DataSource underlying data access logic is isolated in a Store. Unlike the DataSource, a Store is a stateless object implementing a universal interface for reading and modifying data. Each Store contains the same set of methods. Several Store types are already implemented - Array Data Store (takes an array of data), Local Data Store (works with window.localStorage) and OData (works with OData protocol). All these stores have a single interface and thus can easily be changed to use another data source. Widgets from the [Data Visualization](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Introduction_to_DevExtreme/#Web_Development/Overview) library are also designed with an intention to support the DataSource-DataStore concept. In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a DataSource object for the **DataGrid** and [Chart](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/) widgets using a common Data Store. This will be a custom Store that accesses data from a custom service in a JSON format.

#####See Also#####
- [Use Remote Data for DataGrid](/Documentation/Tutorial/UI_Widgets/Use_Remote_Data_for_DataGrid/#Use_Remote_Data_for_DataGrid) - tutorial simular to this one that shows how to use remote data for DataGrid in an environment-independent project
- [Use Remote Data for Chart](/Documentation/Tutorial/Data_Visualization/Use_Remote_Data_for_Chart/#Use_Remote_Data_for_Chart) - tutorial simular to this one that shows how to use remote data for Chart in an environment-independent project
- [Data Layer Article](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Layer/Data_Layer/) - information about the Data Library
- [Data Layer Tutorials](/Documentation/Tutorials/#datalayer) - examples on using the Data Library

</article>