<article data-show="/Content/Applications/16_1/framework/GlobalNavigationCommands/step1/index.html" data-show-first="views/navigation.html">

Use the [application project template](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Application_Project/) for the sample application. Replace the 'navbar' [layout set](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/HtmlApplication/Configuration/#layoutSet) used by default with the 'simple' layout set. In the 'simple' layout set, the [Simple](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Built-in_Layouts/#Simple_Layout) layout is used for application views. This layout does not have a 'global-navigation' command container widget. So, do the following to display the commands that are created based on the [navigation](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/HtmlApplication/Configuration/#navigation) option specified in the application by default.

- Add a 'navigation' view to the application.
- Add the [List](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxList/) widget to the view. Declare this widget as a 'global-navigation' command container by adding the **data-options** attribute set to [dxCommandContainer](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/Markup_Components/dxCommandContainer/). Set the **name** configuration option of the command container component to 'global-navigation'. In this instance, the commands that will be created based on the application's **navigation** option value will be mapped to this widget by the application.
- To display the navigation commands when navigating to the 'navigation' view, these commands must be available for the framework as ordinary view commands. But since you cannot declare them within the view's markup using the [dxCommand](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/Markup_Components/dxCommand/) markup component, add the **commands** field to the view's ViewModel and set it to the application's [navigation](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/HtmlApplication/Fields/#navigation) array, which is populated by the navigation commands. This ViewModel field will be considered when creating commands for the view; the navigation commands will be displayed by the command container to which they are mapped by the 'global-navigation' command container.
- Provide a custom template for **List** widget items. Since command configuration objects serve as data source items for the widget, utilize the command configuration options in the widget item template.
- To build a [navigation stack](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Navigation_and_Routing/#Navigation_History_in_Mobile_Apps) based on the 'navigation' view, make the views that are invoked by the navigation commands non-root by setting the **root** option of the commands to *false*.
- To make the 'navigation' view a start view, set it as the default view for the application's routing format.

</article>