<article data-show-web="/Content/Applications/16_2/DataVisualization/Lessons/ConfigureGauges/Step6/gauges.html" data-show-first="linearGauge.js">
Along with the **CircularGauge** widget, the DevExtreme data visualization library supplies you with its line-shaped brother - the **LinearGauge** widget. Use this topic to learn how to configure this widget to your requirements, and thus get a linear gauge that displays the local temperature and the temperature of the selected city.

Virtually all the settings you specified for **CircularGauge** can be used in **LinearGauge**. The scale, range container and ticks are configured in the same way as are the value and subvalues. The only difference is the **geometry** | [orientation](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxLinearGauge/Configuration/geometry/#orientation) option, which specifies whether to direct the widget in the horizontal or vertical direction.

Add a div container for **LinearGauge** to your HTML page. Create the *linearGauge.js* JavaScript file and reference it on this HTML page. Then, copy-paste the **CircularGauge**'s configuration to the JavaScript file. Specify the **geometry** | **orientation** option for **LinearGauge**. After that, add lines of code to the **onValueChanged** handler of **SelectBox**. These lines update the **LinearGauge**'s value when the user selects a city from **SelectBox**. Finally, place the div containers with gauge widgets into another div container in order to align them center.

In the next step, you will add one more gauge widget from the DevExtreme Data Visualization library - **BarGauge**.
</article>