<article data-show-web="/Content/Applications/16_1/DataVisualization/Lessons/ConfigureGauges/Step9/gauges.html" data-show-first="barGauge.js">
In this section, you will see how to adjust the appearance of the **BarGauge** widget. Set the appropriate format for labels and customize their text using the **format** and **customizeText** options of the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxBarGauge/Configuration/label/) object. In addition, change the default palette to another [predefined one](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Visualization/Common/Appearance_Customization/#Palettes) using the [palette](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxBarGauge/Configuration/#palette) option, as demonstrated in the code below.

Your gauge is now almost ready to use, but it has one inconvenient feature - we cannot identify cities on the gauge. Enabling tooltips will fix this issue. A tooltip is a small pop-up rectangle that displays the value of the bar that is currently hovered over. By default, tooltips are disabled. To enable them, assign *true* to the **enabled** option of the [tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxBarGauge/Configuration/tooltip/) configuration object. Along with the temperature, a tooltip should display the city corresponding to this temperature. Use the **customizeTooltip** option to customize tooltip text. A city can be identified by the corresponding index in the array of gauge values.

Now, when the user hovers the mouse pointer over a bar, the tooltip displays the name of the city corresponding to this bar, as well as the temperature in this city.

This tutorial covered the configuration of the DevExtreme gauge widgets. For a full list of options for each widget, see corresponding Reference sections ([CircularGauge](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxCircularGauge/), [LinearGauge](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxLinearGauge/) and [BarGauge](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxBarGauge/)).
</article>
