<article data-show="/Content/Applications/16_1/framework/LayoutForView/step1/index.html" data-show-first="index.js">

To try setting a custom layout for a particular view, use a [slide-out application](/Documentation/Tutorial/SPA_Framework/Use_a_SlideOut_Menu/#Apply_the_SlideOut_Layout). To set a layout for a particular view, add a handler to the [resolveLayoutController](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/HtmlApplication/Events/#resolveLayoutController) event of the **HtmlApplication** object. In the event handler, use the object passed as a parameter to get information about the currently displayed view and to set the required layout controller for this view. Use the **viewInfo** and **layoutController** fields of the parameter object, respectively. If the **viewName** field of the **viewInfo** object is set to "about", set the **layoutController** field to the instance of the predefined [Empty layout](/Documentation/Guide/SPA_Framework/Built-in_Layouts/#Empty_Layout) controller.

However, the layout controller that is assigned in the **resolveLayoutController** event handler must be initialized at the moment this event is raised. So, add the **EmptyLayoutController** layout controller to the application's [layout set](/Documentation/ApiReference/SPA_Framework/HtmlApplication/Configuration/#layoutSet). All the layout controllers that are listed in a layout set are initialized at the step of application initialization. So the **EmptyLayoutController** controller will be initialized by the moment when the **resolveLayoutController** event is raised for the 'about' view.

All the controllers that are added to the layout set of the application are considered when choosing the most appropriate controller for a view. To avoid choosing the **EmptyLayoutController** controller as an appropriate controller for other views, set the **customResolveRequired** field to *true* for the object that defines the **EmptyLayoutController** within the application's layout set.
 
</article>